---
layout: post
title:  Reading list 2019
category: Reading
---

Reading list for past year: [2018](../Reading-list-2018/)

# *I dont want to talk about it* by Terrence Real
> Whether he knew it or not, Thomas was running. Running toward the goal of financial security, to be sure, but also running from the pain and emptiness he had felt as a child, escaping the sense of unworthiness and emotional impoverishment that had haunted him throughout much of his life.

# *Why we sleep* by Mathew walker
> This phase of development, which infuses the brain with masses of neural connections, is called synaptogenesis, as it involves the creation of millions of wiring links, or synapses, between neurons. So connecting 2 things is merely recall from synapses, those create sleeps on the problem

# *Man search for meaning* by Viktor Frankl 
> Everything can be taken form a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms - to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.

# *Meditation* by Marcus Aurelius
>When you wake up in the morning, tell yourself: the people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant, dishonest, jealous and surly. They are like this because they can't tell good from evil. But I have seen the beauty of good, and the ugliness of evil, and have recognized that the wrongdoer has a nature related to my own - not of the same blood and birth, but the same mind, and possessing a share of the divine. And so none of them can hurt me. No one can implicate me in ugliness. Nor can I feel angry at my relative, or hate him. We were born to work together like feet, hands and eyes, like the two rows of teeth, upper and lower. To obstruct each other is unnatural. To feel anger at someone, to turn your back on him: these are unnatural.

# *Thinking in bet* by Annie Duke
- Making decision without all the facts

# *The four argument*
- Understanding super-ego from different cultural/religional bakground

# *Tools of titians* by Tim Ferriss

# *Digital minimalism* by Cal newport

# *How to change your mind*

# *Ultra learning* by Scott Young

# *The obstacle is the way* by Ryan Holiday

# *The law of human nature* by Robert Greene

# *Modern man in search of a soul*

# *Beyond good and evil*


